# My Phase-1 Final Project
Project Title: Find NBA Player Info

Project Description: This website contacts an Open API to retrieve NBA player team stats, then displays all of the players received from the API in a table on the webpage. The primary purpose of the website is to search by team and display all of the available players received from the API. This is accomplished using a dropdown menu where the user can select the team they are interested in. Additionally, there is an option to search by player last name (in addition to team name) if they only want to display info about a specific player. If the user sees the player of interest in the table and wants to pull up that player only, they can double-click on the player's last name to auto-populate it in the "last name" input field. Once the user has displayed players of interest, they can click on the name of a player they are interested in to initiate a Google search for that player (with the keyword "basketball" at the end to ensure relevant results). As the user selects players and teams, the displayed player list will continue to grow to allow the user to compare players from different teams. If the user wishes to clear the displayed players and start over, they can use the "clear" button.

In the future I plan to add additional functionality to the website to improve ease-of-use for the user. For example, I would like to expand the search functionality so the user can search by last name only (without selecting a team). I would also like to adopt a similar functionality for the team where the user can double-click on a team name and have it auto-populate to the dropdown menu.